DOCSP-45209: Authentication landing + Authentication mechanisms (#127)
mongodb/docs-ruby: source/security/auth-mechanisms/x509.txt

Code Placeholders 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The code examples on this page use the following placeholders:

- ``+srv``: Include this option in your connection string prefix only if you are connecting
  to a MongoDB Atlas cluster. To learn more about the ``+srv`` option, see
  :manual:`Connection String Formats </reference/connection-string/#connection-string-formats>`
  in the {+mdb-server+} manual.
- ``<hostname>``: The network address of your MongoDB deployment.
- ``<port>``: The port number of the MongoDB deployment. If you omit this parameter,
  the driver uses the default port number (``27017``). You don't need a port number
  when connecting to a MongoDB Atlas cluster.
- ``<username>``: The username of the user associated with the X.509
  certificate. The username must match the distinguished subject name of the certificate.
  If you omit this parameter, the MongoDB deployment infers the username
  from the X.509 certificate.
- ``<password>``: The password for the X.509 certificate.

To use the code examples on this page, replace these placeholders with your own values.

Using X.509 Authentication in Your Application
----------------------------------------------

> x.509 authentication requires the use of SSL connections with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
X.509 authentication requires the use of SSL connections with
```

> x.509 authentication requires the use of SSL connections with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
x.509 authentication requires the use of TLS encryption with
```

certificate validation. To authenticate the client, you will need a valid TLS certificate
and private encryption key. These can be stored in separate files, or together in one ``.pem`` file.

> Even if the certificate and private key are stored in the same file, you must specify the
> path to that file by passing both the ``ssl_cert`` and ``ssl_key`` options to the client.

Reviewer: s: put in note admonition

```suggestion
.. note::

   Even if the certificate and private key are stored in the same file, you must specify the
   path to that file in both the ``ssl_cert`` and ``ssl_key`` options.
```
